we're standing here outside the Old Town
Hall and the mallard Center where today
ed O'Sullivan is being honored with a
photographic exhibition entitled through
the lens that's running for another week
or so we'll be catching up with Eddie in
a few moments time and we'll be taking a
look at many of the different
photographs here on display for this
fantastic and I suppose well famed you
all men with us right now we have Eddie
Eddie how are you I'm great thanks cuz
of a good to be home again back in you
all it's great to see you here in you
are today are you surprised by the
reaction would say all these photographs
have gambled I am actually well first
I'm surprised the number of photographs
and there was certain number of them
there that mean an awful lot to me
certainly do the newer ones I've seen
some of them before another but the
older ones gone back 25 30 years back to
your rugby club when I started there
being coached by people like Brendan
Murphy and Sean Walker and Jim Hogan and
the old photograph team for grabs the
fellows who we watch playing and had you
know forgotten that that were on the
team or fellows a player with the last
torchwood so that was probably the most
enlightening thing to see all the older
stuff that I would have missed out on
and the course the dose is there was
multiple copies of anthem it was one
photograph and somebody had it in a box
somewhere yeah so it's great to see them
i know peter hammill did a great job
here I'm pulling out of the mouth so
that was great to see the Sun for
diversity of you when you were a child
really as well yeah this one there must
be no new about 9 or tonight's and a
transition with with which would Sean
Morgan and actually had never seen that
one before so that was great one to pick
up on what says since would say we'd say
you finish the term of office with as
manageable how has life been treating
you have you been taking it easy let's
find very easy actually because I'm not
doing anything at all like and I suppose
for it takes a bit of adjusting because
you know you're going 100 miles an hour
and suddenly you're gonna normal as per
hour so I found a little bit of a change
all right what I've enjoyed it you know
I suppose whether you like it or not
after six and a half years I needed a
break at some point and I'm getting it
now so I'm happy to have it but I
hopefully not for too long when you
stand throat as a PE teacher did you
think it was going to go that far no of
course you don't at the time I was
probably Morrison trying to play over
Ireland and
yeah police applause after a while I'm
only finished playing I realized that I
had the coaching Borg and I started
coaching a new Alpha top maybe well if I
can make a fist to the someday I may get
a chance of higher level didn't think to
be ireland but i swear to allah knows
the libyan golly all the time do you
spend much time here back in Europe
unfortunately don't get back here very
often because it's a probably better
which only know at the moment that I'm
not as busy but certainly when kids
Katie and Barry are doing junior
certainly visit to share so I'm spend a
bit of time at home with them what they
liked or not and so that's been a bit of
a change but I haven't got to you all
and I number of years because I've been
so busy and I've been away from home a
lot away from the family an awful lot in
recent years and I suppose when he I
have a bit of time I tend to spend it
back at home with the family so the
opportunity has arisen and I love coming
back because all my own family are still
here all my brothers and sisters and
aunts and uncles and they Flocka niece
and nephews as well so I don't consider
myself as I'd like but I'm maybe in the
next few months soil bit more time my
hands we see more me more often what
advice would you have for the younger
kids here in y'all that a standing room
will be tagged will be for the girls and
things that what advice would you have
for those be but I think the first thing
is you got to enjoy it i mean what kept
me in the game is i really enjoy it
general being you are they enjoyed 10
under a chair i enjoyed playing with a
club and you know once you're enjoying
something you're going to continue with
it and that's the key i take for young
people and you know play rugby and play
everything and eventually you'll find
the thing that suits you most for me it
was rugby I've enjoyed every minute of
involved in it and I really comes down
to that and and maybe you know the way
the game is you don't plan this but if
you're enjoying yourself and you're
probably good at it because you're
enjoying and opportunities come out of
that and that's why you know your life
course great I think one last push
before we let you go because I know your
feels be but rumors abounded will say
between yourself and the monster job I'd
only through those rumors always an
unfair question at the moment as I don't
feel question but there's no truth in
the rumors I've heard nothing about it
at all and I suppose that the lousy
speculation once is a job arises but
that job hasn't officially arisen yet
anyway I think I think it's inevitable
that as at this point we all believe the
deklan's go on to become the irish court
and rightly so and I could create that
that they can see what I suppose it's
only expected that people join the dots
but from my own point ago I've heard
nothing and IV pretty much an open mind
at the moment I don't know where I'm
going to doc I'm open something will
come along for me in the next couple
months and i'll be back on the horse
again we would go back teaching I Dalton
if I can avoid it i think i'm teaching
but anyway you know we see if something
doesn't come like I'm have to consider
the possibility all right Eddie from
everybody of y'all online thanks very
much a solution every success for the
future thanks million there you go
another fantastic exhibition of
photographs based on Eddie O'Sullivan
his life and his times in rugby here in
y'all with monster with Ireland
throughout the years my name is Shane
support for y'all online com don't
forget you can check it out on the
internet and www online com you can
email us info at y'all online.com I'd
like to thank members of the Town
Council Michael hosey an idiot Sullivan
for his time in talking to us today this
is shane supple saying goodbye and God
bless
you